# text-mining

## 1. Project overview
In this Python project, I have employed the data source from imdb's package cinemagoer. This data source contains information about movies, including movie ratings, box offices, reviews and etc. Using the data source, I aim to create a project that allows the user to check what are the most frequent words in one movie's reviews. The specific techniques I have used to enable the functions are dictionary, string, list. What I want to learn from this project is more practice in using disctionary to fetch information that I want to know, I also attempted to practice word counting in strings.

## 2. Implementation
To implement my aim for this project, first of all, I have installed the imdb package into the new environment of venv. Starting from there, I defined the search_movie function to give out the movie ID of the given movie, as well as the movie_rating function to give out the rating. After these, I defined stopwords function to return a set of words in apporinted file, which will later be the stopwords.txt file. I defined word_frequency to return the most frequent word in the input string and the time it appeared. Here, I have decided to return only the word with at least 3 letters, because I want the output to make more sense as a rather descriptive word. Word less than 3 characters are often single letters like 'I', these single letters or other meaningless word less than 3 letters are not always included in the stopwords, so I decided to exclude them here using len>=3. I also excluded all the words if they appear in the stopwords.txt, because they are words that do not contribute a lot to the meaning. By limiting the return of result to only word with more or equal to 3 letters and not from the stopwords, I can have a more descriptive result that makes more sense. I employed iteration to make this happen, if the returned most frequent word of the string is less than 3 letters, then return the second most frequent word of the string, and etc. After this, I wrote most_frequent_review to fetch all the review contents in the given movie using iteration with length check, and add each of the frequent words from each review to the output list using append.

## 3. Results
My ideal output of this project would be to see audience's general point of view on this movie with several most frequent words, and by combining this result to the rating, I would know why people give out this high or low rating with their most frequent descriptive words in the review. My project has given the result of the most frequent word and the times it appeared in all of the reviews in Monty Python and the Holy Grail. The result is as below: 
'''
Monty Python and the Holy Grail has a rating of 10. The most frequent words and the times they appear in the reviews of Monty Python and the Holy Grail are [('Sir', 4), ('time', 3), ('film', 5), ('Python', 4), ('time', 3), ('Python', 4), ('This', 4), ('Life', 3), ('Holy', 7), ('film', 3), ('Python', 2), ('film', 4), ('Python', 4), ('one', 14), ('Holy', 4), ('classic', 2), ('jokes', 3), ('laugh', 3), ('movie', 5), ('movie', 3), ('Monty', 4), ('film', 4), ('comedy', 3), ('see', 2), ('must', 5)]
'''
We can tell from the result that 3 of the reviews have 'laugh','jokes','comedy' as the most frequent word. This indicates that this movie might be a comedy that makes people laugh. It also mentions a lot about Python or Monty, indicating this might be the name of the key figure in this movie. This movie has a rating of 10, and we do not see any negative words in the reviews, we can see positive words like 'classic'. If I were to test another film with rather low ratings, I would assume the result to be different to this one and might include more rather negative adjectives and less positive ones.
One thing I have noticed in the results is that the words are still not descriptive enough to give a larger picture of audience's general view on this film. The words that are non-descrptive are just too much to be fully excluded in the algorithm, and I think that is one of the draw-back to this project that I could probably keep working on in the future. I did thought about using a adjective dictionary as a supplementary data, but failed to find a reliable one.

## 4. Reflection
This project reflects how difficult it can be to really exclude all the non-descriptive word and generate the most non-biased and meaningful result in text-analysis. Words can mean too many things, and using algorithm to fully comprehend the correct meaning of the word is very hard. Even if we are capable of using only the descriptive words, we cannot interpret the real meaning of those adjectives for that sometimes there can be sarcasm or other way of puting the words into meaning. Text analysis of reading people's view from most frequent word seemed capable but also limited to me, if we were given large enough database, and a proper way of only using the descriptive words, or if we have machine learning on learning text's meaning in different contexts, we might be able to get a better output in this approach.